meet Wyatt trips he was sure he'd found
the right woman let me do finally except
it's not gonna be in a Volvo but a
little misunderstanding
my girlfriend's cheating on me with a
guy called the Ricker and some help from
a friend she broke my heart so break her
ego have created a big problem an
overnight delivery service delivery by
10:00 a.m. the next day is this a great
country or but he's just sent his
girlfriend the wrong package
I've here some degree of responsibility
some degree and he's got 24 hours to get
it back I'll give you $200 if you drive
me to st. Louis they get $400 for mental
anguish Anna maybe I'll do it now
they're on a cross-country demolition
mission that takes them too far
to list these god I swear I'll never
send anything overnight delivery again
and leave them in the one place they
never expected to be our relationship is
over look at me I'm dressed like a girl
overnight delivery